Added variable name rule (#72)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-linters-config: .changelog/20250708175532_ck_18805.md

---
# Required: Type of change.
# Allowed values:
# - Feature
# - Fix
# - Other
# - Major breaking change
# - Minor breaking change
#
# For guidance on breaking changes, see:
# https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor5/latest/updating/versioning-policy.html#major-and-minor-breaking-changes
type: Major breaking change

# Optional: Affected package(s), using short names.
# Can be skipped when processing a non-mono-repository.
# Example: ckeditor5-core
scope:
  - 

# Optional: Issues this change closes.
# Format:
# - {issue-number}
# - {repo-owner}/{repo-name}#{issue-number}
# - Full GitHub URL
closes:
  - https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/18805

# Optional: Related issues.
# Format:
# - {issue-number}
# - {repo-owner}/{repo-name}#{issue-number}
# - Full GitHub URL
see:
  - 

# Optional: Community contributors.
# Format:
# - {github-username}
communityCredits:
  - 

# Before committing, consider removing all comments to reduce file size and enhance readability.
---

> Added new rule: `ckeditor5-rules/ck-content-variable-name`. It enforces all variables used inside `.ck-content` selectors to have the `--ck-content` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enforces that all CSS properties used within the `.ck-content` selectors follow the `--ck-content-*` naming convention. This ensures consistent and scoped variable usage inside the editor content styles.
```
